The journey
The bag is bent at the bottom of the river.
On the worn-out river, there is a new hotel's label.
The old label is layered with sticky things, like a woman's lie.
A lot of journeys are told on the shoulders of the porters.
The train is on the coastline of the Mediterranean Sea,
and it is approaching the sunrise at 10 a.m.
The strong scent of the stone is the sky of Nice and the palm trees of the palm tree.
Ah, yesterday's dream.
The porters are carrying their bags from the window.
I throw away my past with Chip every day.
The porters leave their journey behind and disappear cheerfully.
The construction
The cat is sleeping in the sunlit area of the river.
The sun is shining brightly.
The light is like a friend to me.
The child is playing with the pile of things.
I tried to build a big house by carefully stacking one by one,
but everyone collapsed on the surface.
I pick up the trees as if I were to do it with a plow.
The child is not stubborn and again stacked up.
But the invisible thing destroys the tree.
What you want is the center of power.
The pile is thrown out in the middle of the river.
The child pulls the cat on one side.
Two shadows are lost in the sun.
The sun is waving the wind-shaking skin.
The visitor
The traditional lights shone brightly all over the room.
We got unlimited food at the table.
The flowers proudly showed their unity among the eaters.
Many people gathered and were in a state of shock.
However, the important visitor was not visible.
The main table was just an empty space.
Time has already passed 20 minutes after the imperial court.
Finally, 30 minutes, 1 hour, 2 hours.
People couldn't stand it anymore.
People clapped their plates to each other, ate their food and drank.
The waiters called the waiters and looked for the visitor.
Many people ate as much as they were satisfied with themselves,
regardless of whether the visitor was there or not.
Then they drank coffee and shook their hands.
As if they were going to do it three times,
they looked back at the visitor.
They were surprised that the visitor had finished eating.
They were also shocked.
They were satisfied that their stomachs were full.
But the visitor had not come yet.
Perhaps the next day or the day after tomorrow,
the visitor would not come.
The visitor was not a Christian who would re-enter the temple.
He was more kind.
He was not a man of great importance,
like the other people.
He was sometimes forgotten,
and sometimes a necessary person.
I think the name of the visitor was Poe.